README.md, before:

simhash-csharp
=================
This is a C# port of a very clear and concise simhash implementation in python 
(also on github at https://github.com/liangsun/simhash).  If you work in python I highly 
suggest you start with that one or the other python implementations.  

## Getting Started 

This project was written using Visual Studio 2015. In keeping with the *clean* implementation
there are no other external dependencies to build.  

## Issues

Currently there are no known issues.  

## Performance Optimization

Since some of the types from python to C# are exactly the same, performance might differ.  I
will be sending the C# code through a variety of a/b tests in the near future and will 
make sure to push those finding into the repository as needed.

## Contribute!

Let's make this a really awesome C# library.

## Database Backends

Work is currenly underway to implement multiple backend providers with this code.  This will
mimic the concepts around another popular simhash library (https://github.com/seomoz/simhash-db-py).

Commit message:

updating readme to include external dependancy for hashing algorithms, clean up some methods

README.md, after:

simhash-csharp
=================
This is a C# port of a very clear and concise simhash implementation in python 
(also on github at https://github.com/liangsun/simhash).  I have ported most all 
of the tests as well, adding a couple of other along the way. The port is pretty 
close but I have divered from the overloading of the class and implemented Methods
because I prefer this approach.

## Getting Started 

This project was written using Visual Studio 2015. ~~In keeping with the *clean* implementation
there are no other external dependencies to build.~~  There is an external (nuget) dependency 
on hashing algorithms, System.Data.HashFunction.Core, System.Data.HashFunction.Interfaces,
and System.Data.HashFunction.Jenkins .  Jenkins, MurMur and FNV seem to be the most popular
for hashing the feature set.  The default in this library is Jenkins (you can specify bit length
of 64) but there is also an MD5 implementation (not recommended due to BigInteger messypants).

## Issues

Currently there are no known issues.  

## Performance Optimization

Since some of the types from python to C# are exactly the same, performance might differ.  I
will be sending the C# code through a variety of a/b tests in the near future and will 
make sure to push those finding into the repository as needed.

With Jenkins as the hashing algorithm, it takes roughly 2 minutes (on a smallish laptop)
to generate fingerprints for 11,000 full text articles.

With the MD5 as the hashing algorithm, it takes roughly 18 minutes (on a smallish laptop)
to generate fingerprints for 11,000 full text articles.

It takes roughly 15 seconds to calculate the hamming distance for all the articles against
those 11,000 fingerprints (still on the smallish laptop).  

## Database Backends

Work is currenly underway to implement multiple backend providers with this code.  This will
mimic the concepts around another popular simhash library (https://github.com/seomoz/simhash-db-py).

## Future Work

Database backends (Redis, HBase, Sql, Mongo)
Nuget Submission
Interfaces
Alternate Hashing Functions
More test coverage
Ensure the Converters are up-to-snuff.
